This document is for the planned goals of the project at hand. 


Current goals:
	
	Work on variables input system:
		This means making the base, then legacy and new variants.
		Work on checks for existing variables, existing stats and keywords
		complete now work on the calculations end 
	work on Calculations:
		Start off with calculation inputs, then calculation base.
		
			Test the variables, then work on a pass through function for the calculations. (nearly done, just work on non-legacy first)
			After completing the inputs system, then work on the system that puts it all together
		This means making a means to grab the values first, then worry about how to input the information in.
		
		
		Calculations system in of itself is in place, almost entirely, now missing only the print, the execution system
		and finally the legacy version to finish everything off before finally moving to the save system.
		
		
		
		Work on patching the the back slash n system to make sure that it is resolved.
		It is resolved now, by splitting \n off from the main maths.. making it an "empty" function that is automatically removed
		
		
		
		Of note, heres the functions that are not done yet
		
		The calculation legacy system needs work, make the x function, work on save and load system, Patch the create var/edit var
		once these things are in place, it will be ready to go.
		
		#testing sheet
		{"maths":{"u":{"b":"4","calc":"asdada"}},"stats":{"y":"2"}}
		
		
	
	
	#complete so far
	
	Now new goals need to be in place to move from 2.01 to 2.0.3
	
		Neeed to finish legacy calculation system (optional for this version)
		make base calc box easier to notice (complete and patched)
		Rearrange save system to make it harder to accidentally press the wrong button colors were not enough
		The way to rearrange the save system shall be to move the buttons above and below the save systems accordingly, this should give space 
		(Previous part complete)
		Add modulo system to make rounding easier. (Complete, and patched)
		Work on checks to insure certain save bugs are not created with saves and maths. (working on.) (complete)
		make brand new rounding system. (optional.... not necessary or useful)
